THIS AGREEMENT DESCRIBES YOUR RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES. PLEASE READ IT CAREFULLY.

1. Scope of Agreement: Under this Agreement ("Agreement"), W-Stocks.com, a division of PPPYO, furnishes on-line financial information and services (the "Service") to registered subscribers or authorized users ("you", "your" or "subscriber"). By selecting "I ACCEPT" when registering or if you use the Service, you agree to be bound by this Agreement. The term "use" means the use and availability of, access to, transmission to or from or any exchange of information or communication in connection with or arising from the Service.

This entire agreement between you and us, supersedes prior agreements regarding its subject matter. Whenever new products or services become available, your use of them will be under this Agreement unless we notify you otherwise. You must comply with any additional terms which apply to third-party content, software or other services. We may change this Agreement at any time as we desire. When the terms are changed, notice of the change(s) will be posted on our website or sent to you via electronic mail. Additionally, the new version of the Agreement will be posted on our web site for your review. By continuing to use the Service, you agree to be bound by the changes in the new version of the Agreement. If any change is not acceptable, you may terminate your subscription as described below.

2. Scope of Service: All contents of the Service are provided for information purposes only. You agree that the Service should not be interpreted as investment advice, as an endorsement of any security, or as an offer to buy or sell any security. We are not a registered broker-dealer, or financial advisor. We do not provide personal investment advice. We are a publicly available service that provides general, disinterested information. Remarks and data comprising the Service are for informational purposes only and are provided without warranty of any kind. In no event will we be liable for any direct, indirect, consequential, or incidental damages arising out of any decision made or action taken by you in reliance on the Service, whether or not caused in whole or part by our negligence. 

Selections are based on historical trading data and there is no assurance that future trading activity and prices will not vary materially from the past.  An investor should not purchase any stock without careful review of all currently available information with respect to the stock.

The trading of securities may not be suitable for all potential users of the Service. You should be aware of the risks inherent in the stock market. Past performance does not guarantee or imply future success. You cannot assume that profits or gains will be realized. The purchase of securities discussed by the Service may result in the loss of some or all of any investment made. We recommend that you consult a stockbroker or financial advisor before buying or selling securities, or making any investment decisions. You assume the entire cost and risk of any investing and/or trading you choose to undertake.

All information provided by the Service is obtained from sources believed to be accurate and reliable. However, due to the number of sources from which information on the Service is obtained, and the inherent hazards of electronic distribution, there may be delays, omissions, or inaccuracies in such information. WE DO NOT WARRANT THE ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS, CURRENTNESS, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OF THE INFORMATION AVAILABLE THROUGH THE SERVICE.

No company listed has paid a fee, or otherwise compensated us for their appearance or coverage as a selection in the weekly update.

3. Subscription Information: You will provide us with accurate and complete registration information and advise us promptly of any changes. If you do not, you will be in breach of this Agreement allowing us to immediately terminate your subscription and use of the Service. When you register, you will receive a user name and password which we may assign or allow you to select. You may not select a user name which violates anyone's rights or one, in our sole discretion, we consider offensive, improper or inappropriate. If you do, we can modify or delete it.

All subscriptions are automatically renewed at the end of the their initial term. For instance, if a monthly subscriber joins on the 8th of the month, his/her subscription will automatically be renewed 30 days from the 8th unless cancelled by you. It is each subscriber's responsibility to cancel prior to the renewal date if the subscription is to be terminated. Please note that due to processing costs there are no refunds for weekly, monthly, quarterly subscriptions. If you sign up for the annual membership and decide to cancel within the first 90 days and request a refund, you agree to be billed at the quarterly rate. If, as an annual subscriber, you decide to cancel after the first 90 days – there will be no refunds issued.

4. Copyright and Limitations on Use: The Service is the property of W-Stocks.com and may only be displayed, formatted and printed for your personal, non-commercial use. You agree not to reproduce, distribute, sell, publish, broadcast, or circulate any information, charts, or drawings received through the Service to anyone without our prior written consent. You may not post any content from the Service to news groups, mail lists or electronic bulletin boards, without our prior written consent. Copying and/or electronic transmission of any content of the Service is a violation of copyright law. All information sent to W-Stocks.com becomes our property. All information can be used at our discretion.

You also agree that you will not give out log-ins and/or passwords to other users. We reserve the right to cancel any subscription, without refund, if we discover that a subscription account is being used by more than one person, or if a log-in/password is given to another person. Our data base will notify us immediately and your privileges will be denied.

5. Failure to Access Service: You agree that we are not responsible for your inability to log-on to the Service, either because of poor Internet connections, incorrect typing of log-ins or passwords, and/or browser incompatibility. We will make every effort to ensure that our servers remain operational with adequate performance and response time. However, there may be times when our servers are down or response time is slow due to power outages, network problems, regular maintenance, or high traffic volumes. You agree that neither we, nor our suppliers, are responsible or liable, for any loss or damage caused by your inability to use or access the Service, whether or not caused in whole or part by our negligence.

6. Links: This website provides links to other websites. These links are provided for convenience and informational purposes only, and not for purposes of making any endorsement or recommendation. You should be aware that when you select a link on the website, you may be leaving the website. The information available on other websites may have certain restrictions on its use or distribution. Users should make themselves aware of such restrictions. W-Stocks.com is not responsible for, nor has it developed or reviewed, the content of those sites, and does not make any warranty, express or implied, as to the accuracy, usefulness or timeliness of such information.

7. Indemnification: Governing Law; Jurisdiction: You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold us, our employees, and other representatives harmless from and against all liabilities, damages, claims, actions, costs, expenses (including attorneys fees), in connection with or arising from your breach of this Agreement.

This Agreement is personal to you, and you may not assign your rights or obligations to anyone. If any provision of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, the remaining provisions will continue in full force and effect. This Agreement shall be deemed to have been made in Ontario province, Canada, and shall be governed by the laws of Ontario province, Canada, exclusive of its rules governing choice of law and conflict of laws. The parties expressly stipulate to jurisdiction in Toronto, Ontario, or the Superior Court of Justice of Canada, as appropriate.

You agree to the above terms and conditions.